Challenge part 1:
Which variables/coefficients provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset?
vehicle lenght and ground clearence are statistically unlikely to provide random amounts of variance to the linear model.

Is the slope of the linear model considered to be zero? no, but very close.
Why or why not? in this case it says that for  every 1  increase in the lenght of a car, mpg increases 6.267e+00

Does this linear model predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively? Why or why not? A standard way to test if the predictors are not meaningful is looking if the p-values smaller than 0.05. in this case, p-value: 5.35e-11.

a small p-value and the slope indicates that we can reject the null hypothesis which allows us to conclude that there is a relationship between mpg, lenght and clearence


Challenge part 2:
The design specifications for the MechaCar suspension coils dictate that the variance of the suspension coils must not exceed 100 pounds per inch. Does the current manufacturing data meet this design specification? Why or why not? No, LOT 3 is presenting a variance of 170.

Challenge part 3:
determine if the suspension coil’s pound-per-inch results are statistically different from the mean population results of 1,500 pounds per inch - provide a small writeup of your interpretation and findings for the t-test results.
From the output, we can see that the mean of the suspension coil’s pound-per-inch for LOT 3 is  1496.14. 95 percent confidence interval says that the mean from this lot can be from 1492.431 to 1499.849. The p-value of 0.04168 tells us that if the mean pounds per inch was 1500, the probability of selecting a sample with a mean equal to this one would be approximately 4%. p-value is less than 0.05 then we reject the null hypothesis


Challenge_part 4:
-Think critically about what metrics you would think would be of interest to a consumer (cost, fuel efficiency, color options, etc.). 
-Determine what question we would ask, what the null and alternative hypothesis would be to answer that question, and what statistical test could be used to test this hypothesis.
-Knowing what test should be used, what data should be collected? 

R comes with several built-in data sets, and in this case, it is possible to bring the metcars, that brings some interesting metrics that would be useful to a consumer, like: 
-Number of Cylinders, 
-Gross horsepower, 
-Engine, 
-Transmission, etc

For a good initial exercise, the number of cylinders could be a good metric to compare effects on MPG. 
The idea to analise the mtcar is due to mechacar data set not including number of cylinders, so the test had 32 cars of the mtdata population and the sample 16, to see if number of cylinder could require further investigation. 
In this sample t = 0.56493,  p-value = 0.5805 the evidence suggests that it would be worthy analysis with additional study. 